---
layout: post
title: "Values & Mission"
date: 2019-11-21 10:10:52 +0100
categories: blog
permalink: /values.html
---

**Values Doc**

Mission: The effects of art & technology in today’s world are profound. Art & technology cut across the entire economic, political, and cultural aspects of society. Our mission is to advance human evolution through the means of art & technology.

**CALCULATED**

We are relentless and calculated with regards to chasing a goal. An unwavering belief in success and a missionary type attitude. Success is inevitable. We like this mindset because it’s sustainable.

**HUMAN**

We believe humility is conducive to high-quality results. Inter-team and external facing, the ability to interact and communicate in a human way is core to what we do. In order to understand the best potential outcomes, it’s important we listen and consider before we act. We are excited by art & technology that allows us to be more human with one-another.

**PROGRESS**

Through the highs and lows in our journey, we always move forward. No mistake or mishap is too big to keep us down. If we are not growing, we are dead. We believe progress is the only way forward in our modern world.

**SCALE**

We love scale. Scale is our ability to influence and make change. The bigger the scale the better. The more others tell us not to scale, we do. There is no canvas or surface-area for experimentation at scale to large for us.

**PUSHING THE BOUNDARIES**

It’s not acceptable for us to settle for less. We strive for beyond the best. We push the limits on what should be possible. We redefine things. We are often ignored, restricted, or put down. But, we embrace that aspect of the process and refocus that energy for good.

**WORK IN PROGRESS**

We operate in a state of work-in-progress at all times. This is the process of innovation. This is the process of iteration. We believe this produces optimal results.

**SERVITUDE**

-------------------------

**Trust**

**Privacy**

**Long-term Thinking**

The goal should never be to hit a return 1 year from now or 2 years from now, it should be 10 years from now or 100 years from now.

The McLaughlin Foundation will last for generations and generations. Long-term to us means hundreds of years, thousands of years, and longer. The longer the better.

It’s very easy to take the easy way out. We never do, we will make any short-term sacrifice of pain or suffering for the long-term. For the next generation. For the betterment of humanity.

**Not Focused on Money**

The McLaughlin Foundation is structured like a family office. A family office is simply a for-profit entity. The family office will steer the entire ship of investments over the long-term, and sustainable monetary growth is always important. But, money should never be the focus of what we do.

The best ideas and thinking arise when money is not a constraint.

**Family-Oriented**

The McLaughlin Foundation started with it’s founder’s Dave and Theresa McLaughlin. Guiding their children and family with unconditional love. They gave their entire life up for the success and betterment of their children, future family members, and all of us at the McLaughlin Foundation. That should always be the model for relationships and togetherness at the McLaughlin Foundation. The best gift the founders bestowed on their children and family was education and intellectualism. The McLaughlin Foundation is about making progress everyday where everyone wins. Dave and Theresa McLaughlin always elected to do the right thing. Even when the easy path and temptation was right in-front of their eyes. They made sacrifices for our freedoms. We will always honor them, remember them, and look up to them for everything they did. They fostered relationships within the family with unconditional love. That is how we must foster our relationships with unconditional love. This is how we achieve unthinkable results, because we treat each other with unconditional love. Family to us means unconditional love and support in the midst of any controversy. As long as someone has a good-heart and they can be trusted we can build for the future.

**Relentless**

We can describe our pursuit of good ideas and experimentation as relentless. We will never stop thinking, trying, and persisting to find the best solution. The most beautiful ideas require lots of time and refinement. We look for perfect solutions and perfect ideas. Anything less isn’t something that’s appealing to us.

**Perfection**

All we care about is perfection. No matter what it takes, how long it takes, how much effort it takes, because it’s all worth it. When you create something perfect, you earned it. All the work and effort that went into the journey is what makes it fun. Perfection is about art. We work off a blank canvas and we create the perfect piece of art in everything we do. That’s the standard.

**Art**

Art inspires what we do at the McLaughlin Foundation. Art is simple, art is perfection, art is beautiful, art is freedom, art is what we live for. Music, film, performing art, and more. Life is art. If you live life for art, you appreciate the beauty in life. We are creatives at heart. We create, and naturally work arises from it. We don’t work to force creativity.

**Moral**

One of the things we strive for is always being moral. We treat each other with respect. We do what’s moral

**Organic**

Nothing we do is forced. We are patient. We allow things to grow with our guidance. We play to our strengths. We engage in what we know.

**Real**

Being real about everything we do is important. We believe being real drives the best results. 

**Brutally Honest**

The hardest thing to give and take is honest feedback. We can’t take it personal. It must be thoughtfully given, but we rely on honest feedback. It’s our lifeblood and we need it to be the best.

