---
layout: post
title: "My financial situation."
date: 2019-11-24 10:10:52 +0100
categories: blog
permalink: /financials.html
---

As some of the big name crypto/bitcoin folks are joining us, it’s probably time I disclose my financial situation... I got into Bitcoin/crypto in 2013. The first time I took it serious from an investment standpoint was in 2014 when the Ethereum whitepaper came out. In 2015, the pre-seed/initial coin offering for Ethereum happened in June/July 2015 (I believe I was in my 3rd year of college at the time). And an ex-friend of mine, sold me 2000 shares at roughly $3, costing me $6000 of my own money. All the money I had at the time. Those shares are worth roughly $300k at today prices. Unfortunately, the ex-friend who sold them to me stole them from me, I sued him in 2015 and the money is still in litigation right now. (Link: https://webapps.sftc.org/ci/CaseInfo.dll?CaseNum=CGC16556154)

No big deal, I moved forward with my life even though it hurt a lot. Then in 2015, my parents and I started working together on investments in Bitcoin/crypto specifically. I would provide investment advice, they’d provide capital. By 2017, Bitcoin had gone up significantly and they paid me $50k for my efforts & investment advice. I spent it rather quickly and I’ll explain why after I make a few points first. From 2009-2017, bitcoin traditionally 20x’ed every 2 years, so for example if the price was at $1k it would go to $20k within 2 years which those prices did indeed happen in 2015-2017. From 2017-2019, I started spending on credit, money I didn’t technically have because I assumed Bitcoin would do it’s usual thing and by 2019 have a huge jump/gain and I would eventually get paid a very large amount for helping my parents (maybe $100k-$150k this time around). So, that meant Bitcoin was supposed to realize the 20x this fall 2019 since the last time it had a big jump was fall 2017, however it hasn’t happened. What has happened, I believe, is Fahad Enany, who likely ordered or was somehow associated with the hacking of my personal devices (and, in my opinion, ordered the hacking of celebrities and folks in the bitcoin/crypto community who have somehow wronged/threatened/etc him), and is the founder of Bitcoin, and controls the price of Bitcoin via Bifinex (the central bank of bitcoin/crypto) is keeping the prices down or has created so much mistrust in the community the price is continuing to drop. A lot of the folks in the bitcoin community, including myself made a big bet with our time, money, trust, and reputation that Bitcoin would continue to do what it always has done, but it hasn’t. It’s hurting all of us. And I can only speculate, at this point, on why. It’s unfortunate because I have friends invested in Bitcoin, my family is invested, and I’d like everyone to invest and profit from it, but I’m afraid it might not happen now or he might not want it to happen for whatever reason.

I don’t think all is lost with Bitcoin quite yet, but I wanted to get the discussion started. And so, for our sake, please Bitcoin God, please push the price up, I’m begging you.

And that leaves me where I am today. I am roughly $35k in debt. However, at the same time, I do still drive for Uber to pay for my monthly expenses as I have been doing so part-time since 2015.